of the thousands who demonstrated in
Malmo on Saturday these were the few who
made their voices heard at the
Eurovision song contest venue itself
where Israel was due to compete in the
final despite protests over its war on
Gaza malmer where we are from is against
genocide and we don't support the euris
sh contest but while an earlier protest
in the city center had police permission
this one did
not this demonstration has sprung up
outside the Eurovision arena with
demonstrators now being taken away by
the
police officers from Denmark and Norway
were also part of one of Sweden's
biggest ever security operations and
things briefly got physical but anger at
Israel's participation was mainly
vocal they are killing a lot of people
and here in Malmo a lot of people are
from Palestine and many of their
families are getting hurt there and they
just feel angry about the situation and
how the Swedish government and this city
as well has handled this
issue when Golan took to the stage it
was to sing her song
Hurricane it was originally called
October rain but the European
broadcasting Union demanded the lyrics
be changed to be less obviously about
hamas's October 7th attack on
Israel that was deemed enough to meet
the Ebu requirement for entries to be
apolitical
the song would finish fifth after
Switzerland's entry took the
prize that gave small Comfort to the
protesters who had lasted the night but
who still asked why Israel had been
allowed to sing when Russia had not Paul
ree Al jazer
Malmo make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer